[Kommander: gatekeeper bug for migration to 2.1] (#4559)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/major-upgrade/upgrade-clusters/migrate-platform-apps/index.md

## Prepare your cluster

Check for the following in your existing `cluster.yaml`:

- One or more of `spec.kubernetes.networking.noProxy`, `spec.kubernetes.networking.httpProxy` or `spec.kubernetes.networking.httpsProxy` is set in `ClusterConfiguration`.

> - Gatekeeper is enabled.  Gatekeeper is enabled by default, but if you have manually disabled it, re-enable the application by changing the enabled field from `false` to `true` in the `addons` object of the cluster's `ClusterConfiguration` and perform a `konvoy up` to update the addons. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Gatekeeper is enabled. Gatekeeper is enabled by default, but if you have manually disabled it, re-enable the application by changing the enabled field from `false` to `true` in the `addons` object of the cluster's `ClusterConfiguration` and perform a `konvoy up` to update the addons.
```

> Check for the following on your existing `cluster.yaml`:

Reviewer: 'in' would be more appropriate than 'on':

```suggestion
Check for the following in your existing `cluster.yaml`:
```

- One or more of `spec.kubernetes.networking.noProxy`, `spec.kubernetes.networking.httpProxy` or `spec.kubernetes.networking.httpsProxy` is set in `ClusterConfiguration`.

> - Enabled Gatekeeper on your cluster. Gatekeeper is enabled by default, but if you have manually disabled it, re-enable the application by changing the enabled field from `false` to `true` in the `addons` object of the cluster's `ClusterConfiguration` and perform a `konvoy up` to update the addons. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gatekeeper is enabled.  Gatekeeper is enabled by default, but if you have manually disabled it, re-enable the application by changing the enabled field from `false` to `true` in the `addons` object of the cluster's `ClusterConfiguration` and perform a `konvoy up` to update the addons. 
```

> - Enabled Gatekeeper on your cluster. Gatekeeper is enabled by default, but if you have manually disabled it, re-enable the application by changing the enabled field from `false` to `true` in the `addons` object of the cluster's `ClusterConfiguration`. The enabled Gatekeeper application must include the custom `values` field.

Author: @takirala I am not sure about "The enabled Gatekeeper application must include the custom `values` field." Is that necessary? Or is the enablement enough?

Reviewer 2: if the user disabled gatekeeper then there is no custom configuration they were using. so in that case, they don't need to use `values` field at all (the defaults would be fine).

> - Enabled Gatekeeper on your cluster. Gatekeeper is enabled by default, but if you have manually disabled it, re-enable the application by changing the enabled field from `false` to `true` in the `addons` object of the cluster's `ClusterConfiguration`. The enabled Gatekeeper application must include the custom `values` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enabled Gatekeeper on your cluster. Gatekeeper is enabled by default, but if you have manually disabled it, re-enable the application by changing the enabled field from `false` to `true` in the `addons` object of the cluster's `ClusterConfiguration` and perform a `konvoy up` to update the addons. 
```
